***Note: This file was auto-generated using `npm init @eslint/config`. Do not make ANY changes to this file manually.***

# **ESLint Config File (.eslintrc.json)**

This file defines the configuration options for ESLint to check and enforce code style by with the `npx eslint .` command on the command line.

## **Contents**

- [Intro to ESLint](#intro-to-eslint)
- [ESLint Configuration](#eslint-configuration)
- [Running ESLint](#running-eslint)

## **Intro to ESLint**

[ESLint](https://eslint.org) is a JavaScript code linter that *"helps you find and fix problems with your JavaScript code"*, as per the ESLint team itself.

ESLint helps keep up a defined code style throughout a project, which in turns makes code more readable for both old and new developers. It also has the ability to fix missteps with said style by using the `--fix` flag with the normal command, with no fix-induced errors afterwards.

To learn more about ESLint, visit the [official site](https://eslint.org) and/or their [npm package page](https://npmjs.com/package/eslint).

## **ESLint Configuration**

The ESLint configuration file is written as a JSON object, which means the linter rules can be found in the *rules* property of the object.

Said rules are defined as arrays, where there first element defines the return value should the code not follow the rule, while the second value states the expected value for the rule.

For instance, the *indent* rule's value is `["error", "tab"]`. This will, when running ESLint, return an ESLint error if the indentation of any line of code is defined with a character other than the `tab`.

ESLint has an astounding amount of rules that can be implemented as needed (which you can check out [here](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules)), but a simple configuration usually suffices for most codebases.

## **Running ESLint**

As mentioned above, ESLint can be run from the command line with `npx eslint .` for all JS files in the project. However, it is encouraged to use the npm scripts defined in the [package.json](./../package.json) file as explained below.

1. Running ESLint on the entire project to only find issues with the code:

	```shell
	$ npm run lint
	```

2. Running ESLint on the entier project to review *and* fix issues with the code:

	```shell
	$ npm run lintFix
	```